echo-bot/README.md, before:

﻿# EchoBot

Bot Framework v4 echo bot sample.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a simple bot that accepts input from the user and echoes it back.

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
```
- In a terminal, navigate to `botbuilder-samples\samples\python\02.echo-bot` folder
- Activate your desired virtual environment
- In the terminal, type `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Run your bot with `python app.py`

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the latest Bot Framework Emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Interacting with the bot

Connect via the Bot Framework Emulator and try the following prompts:

- `help` – returns the full list of capabilities.
- `about` – explains what this sample does and how to extend it with Azure/OpenAI.
- `time` – reports the current UTC timestamp.
- `calc <expression>` – validates the expression with regex + AST before returning a result (example: `calc 5*2+3`).
- Any other phrase (for example `Hello Simple bot`) hits the fallback, which reverses what you said so you know the bot heard you.

> The bot surface is emulator-only. Browsing to `http://localhost:3978/` returns a 404 hint that points you back to `/api/messages`.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)

Commit message:

Integrate Azure Language Service for sentiment analysis and key phrase extraction

echo-bot/README.md, after:

﻿# EchoBot

Bot Framework v4 echo bot sample.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com), it shows how to create a simple bot that accepts input from the user and echoes it back.

## To try this sample

- Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
```
- In a terminal, navigate to `botbuilder-samples\samples\python\02.echo-bot` folder
- Activate your desired virtual environment
- In the terminal, type `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Run your bot with `python app.py`

## Testing the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

[Bot Framework Emulator](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-emulator) is a desktop application that allows bot developers to test and debug their bots on localhost or running remotely through a tunnel.

- Install the latest Bot Framework Emulator from [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/BotFramework-Emulator/releases)

### Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator

- Launch Bot Framework Emulator
- File -> Open Bot
- Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Interacting with the bot

Connect via the Bot Framework Emulator and try the following prompts:

- `help` – returns the full list of capabilities.
- `about` – explains what this sample does and how to extend it with Azure/OpenAI.
- `time` – reports the current UTC timestamp.
- `calc <expression>` – validates the expression with regex + AST before returning a result (example: `calc 5*2+3`).
- Any other phrase (for example `Hello Simple bot`) hits the fallback, which reverses what you said so you know the bot heard you.

> The bot surface is emulator-only. Browsing to `http://localhost:3978/` returns a 404 hint that points you back to `/api/messages`.

### Azure Language Service integration

Set the following environment variables to enable the optional Azure Language Service hook used by `nlu_dispatch()`:

- `MicrosoftAIServiceEndpoint`
- `MicrosoftAIServiceKey`

When present, Azure Text Analytics analyzes any text that does not match a built-in command and replies with sentiment + key phrase insight instead of the simple reversal fallback.

## Deploy the bot to Azure

To learn more about deploying a bot to Azure, see [Deploy your bot to Azure](https://aka.ms/azuredeployment) for a complete list of deployment instructions.

## Further reading

- [Bot Framework Documentation](https://docs.botframework.com)
- [Bot Basics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Activity processing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-concept-activity-processing?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Introduction](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure Bot Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest)
- [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
